Eric Cartman model for Quake2!!!

I decided to do my own Cartman model, despite knowing
there was already one because I had so many great ideas!

Installation:  Unzip the ERIC_C.Zip into your main quake2 directory,
               and it should unzip everything into its proper directory.

               If you have trouble getting it to show up in the
               multiplayer menu, make sure you have NO files
               (besides the directories) in quake2\baseq2\players!


Tools used:  LightWave 3D v5.5
             Adobe Photoshop 4.01
             NST
	     Qdata (modified by Ken D. Turner)
             Paint shop pro

Notes:       To complete this,  I practically LIVED
             at the computer for 4 straight days,
             not eating very well, and slacking off on
             homework.   But to HELL with homework!!
             I HATE UNIVERSITY!!!!!!!!!!!  ..  :)

             Taking Cartman from 2D to 3D wasn't TOO hard,
             although certain errors from the show's paper cut-out
             design made it more difficult.  All in all, I'm
             happy the way he turned out.

             The skins were kind of a rush job except eric.pcx
             since that was the first skin.  Oh yea,
             and I'm not making any political statements with the
             skins (esp. black and ghost).  They're just references
             from the show!  Cartman fans should know :)

             This model was lots of fun for the most part-
             I got pissed off when I had to do the same things 5 times
             over n over because something messed up.
             The facial expressions are my favorite part :)
             You dont see many other Q2 models making faces when they
             get hit or die!!


Sidenote:  The player directory that Eric Cartman goes into
           MUST be named ERIC_C, because I didn't want to take
           a chance of my Cartman model conflicting with the other
           Cartman model.
                

Author:  Brian Yee
email:   brianyee@hotmail.com

ERIC CARTMAN POWER!


