
QUAKE2 PLUG-IN PLAYER MODEL	     	The Crow                   6-24-1998

Author:		Tim "The Crow" Ivers

E-Mail:		the.cr0w@usa.net (Notice a bit of a theme here?)

Homepage:	<clan> www.fortunecity.com/underworld/marathon/401
			Future updates will probably be here.

Files:		TheCrow.pcx -	The skin
		TheCrow_i.pcx - The Identifying picture thingie
		TheCrow2.pcx -  The other guys skin.
		TheCrow2_i.pcx - Its icon
	        tris.md2 - 	The "The Crow" player model, nothing new,
				just a copy of the male model
		weapon.md2 - 	The weapon, the Super Shotgun
		weapon.pcx -	the weapon's skin
		A whole bunch of .md2's - Support for V_wep 
		A whole bunch of .wav's - Because of the 3.12 patch, now each new model
				can have sounds! This is why the zip is so large now.
		Thecrow.txt -	Your reading it you llama.
		
Instructions:	Just unzip all these files to your quake2 directory, restoring pathnames.
		The files should be in a dir called "baseq2/players/thecrow" 
		

Important: 	I am not responsible if you stuff this up, your actions are
	   	your own and I take no responsability. How could you screw up
		a PNPM install? Go figure.

Other:  	This is dedicated to the late, great Brandon Lee. (especially
		since I used HIS face for the skin, and HIS voice for the sounds.)

		If someone logs onto your server as "The Crow (MFH)", please
		change to the second skin. I worked hard on this skin, and 
		I want all to see me in my full glory before I send them home in a box.

		Thanks to the person who drew the other Crow skin.
		
		The MFH on my skin's arm stands for "Maniacs From Hell", 
		which is the nick name for my clan, DysfunkshunaL.
		
		If you're intrested in joining DysfunkshunaL, email me.
		(THAT MEANS YOU SHADOW!!!!!)

		No, we are not named after the band 'Dysfunkshunal'.

		Thanks to the LoknLode skin, I used it's armor.	

		Thanks to 666 for some bits of the skin.

KNOWN BUGS:	On some computers, once you install the plug-in correctly,
		you still won't be able to select it. This is a problem with
		all plug-in's, not just mine. To correct this, goto the 
		console and type "skin thecrow/thecrow".  You should see the 
		icon in deathmatch, and you will be wearing my skin.

		THERE IS NOW A REMEDY FOR THIS!!! Just delete anything in the /players dir,
		so that there is just folders. It should work.
		Example:

		/players
			/male
			/female
			/kenny
			/eric_c
			/thecrow
			/fuel
			/etc....

DISCLAIMER:	Skin authors MAY NOT use this skin as a base for other skins
		UNLESS I get an email saying what you wanna do, and a copy of
		the finished product. This skin is available for free 
		distribution via BBS, FTP, and other free electronic means. 
		This skin MAY be included in any CD-ROM or other product 
		whose sales earn profit for their publishers, as long as I 
		get a copy.

PS: 		I used Gateway's layout for this text file. His email address
		is:
			gateway@mobsters.com

























If you read this far down, you need a hobbie.

























Go away now, go frag someone.


























Don't you listen?


























Alright. Lets play a game.


























<Do you like scary movies?>



























If you're still here, you're an ABSOLUT dipshit. GO DOWNLOAD THE MODEL,
STOP READING THE DAMN README FILE!!































GO AWAY!
























LLAMA!
 






















POSER!!

























TRENDY!!!

























JOHN TESH!!!

























SPICE GIRL!!!

























YOU WORSHIP HANSON!!!!